What is Emmet?
It helps in boilerplate code generation

Difference between a Library and Framework?
Framework itself makes a call to your code and provide you with some space to write down details.
So, while using framework your framework is in charge of flow.
In Library, your code is going to call the Library whereas, in Framework, your code is being called by Framework.

What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A content delivery network (CDN) is a group of geographically distributed servers that speed up the delivery of web content by bringing it closer to where users are. Data centers across the globe use caching, a process that temporarily stores copies of files, so that you can access internet content from a web-enabled device or browser more quickly through a server near you.

Why is React known as React?
React was developed for applications (Facebook) that have constantly changing data. Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app’s data, the view should “react” or change with those user events.

What is crossorigin in script tag?
It allows scripts to be requested from another domain outside their own domain.

React vs React DOM
The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react.
The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it for one single thing: mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().
The reason React and ReactDOM were split into two libraries was due to the arrival of React Native (A react platform for mobile development).

What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds.
The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. The production build runs uglify and builds your source files into one or multiple minimized files.

What is async and defer?
Async script will load parallel to HTML parsing. Parsing will stop when loaded and will be executed. Parsing will resume.
Defer script will load parallel to HTML parsing. Its executed only after parsing is finished.
Use async when order of execution is not important and scripts are modular.
Defer maintains order of execution. Use when scripts are interdependent on each other.